[BRIDGE CREWMAN A]
Bridge to all hands!
We've lost control of the helm!
The origin of the
issue is unknown!
[chuckles]
[BRIDGE CREWMAN A]
We're off course!
On this trajectory,
the ship will hit Hopeland!
[WOLFWOOD]
Not good!
We're gonna plow
over the orphanage!
[BAD LAD A]
Come on, boys!
Let's give 'em the
old razzle dazzle!
[WOLFWOOD] Like we didn't
have enough crap to deal with.
[WOLFWOOD]
--[BAD LAD B] Holy--!
--[BAD LAD C] Run, moron!
[BAD LAD A]
Get behind me!
[BAD LAD D]
Who is this psychopath?
[BAD LAD A] Don't hold back!
Push, men, push!
[BAD LAD B laughs]
We're in!
[BAD LAD C]
It's our ship now!
Damn, how many of these
Bad Lad goons are there?
[inhales, shouts]
[VASH gasps]
Run, you idiot! Stay here,
and we're both dead!
[BAD LAD B]
Where's that razzle dazzle?
[WOLFWOOD]
Beat it, will ya?
[BAD LAD C]
Report to the boss!
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[VASH]
I'll be right back!
If he was smart, he'd listen.
For that matter, so would you!
You're done!
[LIVIO grunts]
[WOLFWOOD]
Nice try!
[LIVIO shouts]
[WOLFWOOD grunting]
[grunts]
[WOLFWOOD]
I'll take care of you.
I'm ready to do
whatever I have to.
Even kill you.
[MALE SOLDIERS
grunting, groaning]
[BAD LAD A laughs]
[BAD LAD B] Hey! Great photo op,
right newsie?
Uh. Yeah. Okie-doke,
say cheese for me gang!
--Nice! Great! Super!
--[BAD LADS] Cheese!
[BAD LAD C] Picture us on the
cover of an outlaw magazine!
[BAD LAD E]
Rags to riches, buddy boy!
[BAD LAD B]
Hey!
You better not use the one
where my eyes are closed!
I'll gut you and feed the
slimy parts to the Worms!
[BAD LAD D]
Don't scare her!
She's our road to fame,
crotch knuckle!
Don't worry, lady,
he's just joking around!
[BAD LAD B]
Yeah, so laugh it up, girly!
There you go, that's the spirit!
World's brighter from
behind a smile!
[MERYL]
Help me.
[ROBERTO]
I'm just a reporter, newbie.
[MERYL, ROBERTO]
Hm?
[BAD LADS grunting]
[BAD LAD B] Uh! What do
you think you're doing?
[MERYL]
Oh! Hey, Vash!
Thought you left a while ago.
Yeah. It's a funny story.
You lose the undertaker?
[VASH]
No, he's just--
[BAD LADS shouting]
[MERYL]
Yikes, incoming!
[VASH]
Stand back, okay?
Sorry guys.
I've got places to be.
[LIVIO, WOLFWOOD shouting]
[LIVIO, WOLFWOOD panting]
[MALE SOLDIER D]
They're monsters.
[MALE SOLDIER E]
Hey!
[MALE SOLDIER G]
They'll kill us! Run!
I was starting to think I knew
who he was. Not anymore.
Well, all I know is our
Stampede's no human.
[LIVIO groans] I can catch up.
I have to catch up.
[LIVIO gasps]
[LIVIO] I'll be just like Nico.
I have to be.
[LIVIO]
I have to... catch up!
[grunts]
Livio. We aren't kids.
You can quit following me.
You're such a pain.
This sad puppy crap,
always nipping at my heels.
It stops now. Wish it
had never started.
[WOLFWOOD grunting]
[WOLFWOOD]
Keep a seat warm in Hell for me.
[WOLFWOOD gasps]
Needle-Noggin?
[ZAZIE]
Huh? Aw. They popped it!
Don't tell me about it,
just prepare the next eye.
[ZAZIE]
Oh, so serious!
[VASH grunting]
What happened to hiding?
He's important to you, yeah?
Let me help!
[WOLFWOOD]
Help? Fat chance!
If I could save him,
I would've by now!
[LIVIO grunts]
[VASH] You've gotta
wake up the real him!
Huh?
[VASH]
Say something!
Some old memory he
could never forget!
Blondie!
[VASH grunts]
[WOLFWOOD] You should stop
babbling and focus on the fight.
Who's behind this?
[gasps]
[WOLFWOOD chuckles]
[LIVIO gasps]
[WOLFWOOD, LIVIO laugh]
An old memory. Yeah.
[WOLFWOOD grunting]
What's going on?
This ends...
...right now.
[gasps]
[grunts] Wake up old pal.
We both know who you are.
The kid who hides
under his blankey
when his feelings get hurt.
[gasps]
Livio.
Nico...
[gasps]
There you are.
[LIVIO gasps]
[gasps]
[MASTER CHAPEL] And when
your truth is challenged,
remember who you are.
You, who slaughters the souls
that stand in our way...
...on the grounds of absolute
veneration, and fueled
by self-sacrifice.
You are the perfect executioner.
And we are the ones
who raised you.
We are the Eye of Michael!
[LIVIO yells]
[WOLFWOOD]
No!
Livio!
[gasps]
No!
[SAILORS shouting]
[MALE SAILOR A]
Stop the damn ship already!
[MALE SAILOR B]
We're trying!
[MALE SAILOR C] It's no use!
The rudder won't respond!
[BRIDGE CREWMAN A]
Time's running out.
If we don't do something soon,
we'll hit Hopeland!
And going the speed we're stuck
at, we'll level the entire town!
Something's wrong with the ship.
What's the deal?
You got some big
baddy after you?
Beats me, all right, grandpa?
[ZAZIE]
Is that what you wanted?
[LEGATO]
Where devotion is divided...
[ZAZIE]
Huh?
[LEGATO]
...faith is bound to suffer.
Without his brother and
without the orphanage,
he can become the
perfect believer.
[ZAZIE] You wanted lil'
bro to go bye-bye!
I merely wanted to help.
My only true mission in this
life is to spread the good word.
So, why must these heathens
stand in my way?
[ZAZIE]
They just don't get it.
[LEGATO]
This is taking too long.
I want the orphanage gone. Now.
With nothing left to
fracture his devotion,
he will surely change his mind.
[LEGATO] I might not
understand your "love,"
but please accept mine...
[LEGATO]
...dear Punisher.
[BRIDGE CREWMAN B]
Trouble on the upper deck!
Why the hell is it moving?
[MALE SAILOR D]
No clue down here!
That's a... cannon, right?
Wait, really?
This has gotta be
some kind of joke.
Ship can't drive straight, but
can initiate an ion cannon.
Ol drunkle's out.
Time to do what I do best.
[MERYL]
Oh, please!
[ROBERTO] Whatever psycho
masterminded this
deserves the win.
I know that car.
What are those
freaks doing here?
[ZAZIE]
Hi!
[growls]
[WOLFWOOD] We're stopping
this bucket of bolts
and the cannon, too.
[ROBERTO]
You're hilarious.
Do you have any idea how?
[WOLFWOOD] Look at me!
Of course I don't!
But we've got guts
and we've got grit!
--Huh? What good will those do?
--[VASH] Here, follow me!
[ROBERTO grunts]
I'm too old for this crap!
This ship has a cannon why?
[VASH]
Look around.
The Steamer's made
from Spacefaring parts.
It was used to destroy
asteroids and stuff.
And if I'm right,
this should be...
[ROBERTO]
Oh.
[MERYL gasps]
The control room?
[ROBERTO] Well, damn,
it's actually a spaceship.
[MERYL]
I've never seen tech like this.
[VASH]
Come on. Work with me.
[MERYL gasps]
You did it!
Not quite yet.
--[beeping]
--[MERYL gasps]
[VASH grunst] It's not working.
The shaft is stuck.
[MERYL] So you're saying
you can't stop it?
Well, not this way.
But I guess we can still try
to turn the cannon manually.
Huh? Turn the
spaceship-sized cannon?
Ha, ha! You missed your calling.
You should've been
a comedian, Stamp--
[WOLFWOOD]
If you're in, me too.
Whatever it takes, yeah?
[ZAZIE] Be careful with
the Plant, pretty please.
[LEGATO]
But of course.
We'll bring it home without
so much as a scratch.
Not much time.
Perceptive, aren't ya?
Get to the cannon!
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Fine!
[gasps]
[grunts]
What now?
[gasps]
[shouts]
Watch it, Blondie!
[grunts]
[MALE AI A] Primary cannon
is gaining energy.
Forty percent
charged and rising.
[VASH]
Once we move the cannon,
I need you to activate
the trigger mechanism!
[MALE AI A] Firing sequence
initiating shortly.
[ROBERTO]
I found a life boat.
Let's blow this joint while
we still can, newbie.
Huh? Are you serious right now?
This isn't worth
risking our lives.
You know we had a deal.
[gasps]
[ROBERTO] Let me remind
you of your job.
Get out of this hell
hole in one piece
and write a pretty little
article about it.
Neither of us are
heroes by any stretch,
so stop trying to be one.
[MERYL]
Why are you so scared?
You don't think they'll be
able to move the cannon?
Or be able to stop the
damn ship. C'mon.
[MERYL grunts]
[BAD LAD A]
Roll out, Bad Lads!
Don't have much to lose.
[grunting]
Well, this is going great.
Argh. Stellar idea, moron.
There's no way in hell.
Just buy us some time!
Walk away, newbie.
And that's an order!
[MALE AI A] Sixty percent
charged and rising.
I'm sorry, Roberto.
Please leave without me.
I'm staying.
[ROBERTO] Don't be a fool!
If you stay here, you'll die!
[MERYL]
You think I don't know that?
I'm well aware.
I'm not gonna judge
you for running.
But I can't go with you.
I can't run anymore!
[sighs]
[MERYL] What happened at
Jeneora Rock, it stuck with me.
If I had held onto Tonis
a little bit tighter,
he would still
have both his arms.
That regret haunts me.
And if I leave now, I'll feel
the exact same way about this.
[MERYL]
I'm sorry.
I need to stay here for me!
[ROBERTO sighs]
[MALE AI A]
Eighty percent charged.
[WOLFWOOD, VASH grunting]
[VASH]
I'm sorry, Wolfwood.
[WOLFWOOD]
Here we go, what is it now?
There was something, uh,
something out there
you wanted to protect
more than anything else.
Later, okay? Not the time, man.
[MALE AI A]
Primary cannon firing sequence
is 90 percent complete.
Ninety-one. Ninety-two.
No speeches, ya hear?
Just say a prayer and push
this thing to oblivion.
Push, Blondie!
[MALE AI A]
Ninety-six.
Ninety-seven.
Ninety-eight.
Ninety-nine.
One hundred.
Plant output at maximum.
--[VASH] Do it!
--[WOLFWOOD] Now!
[MERYL]
Right!
[gasps]
[LEGATO exhales]
[WOLFWOOD]
It's not over yet.
I can get the ship
to self-destruct.
[VASH] And what about
the people on board?
[WOLFWOOD grunts] For once,
spare me the pitiful morality!
[VASH] I can save town
and the ship, too!
You have to sacrifice
in order to save.
Would you rather them all die?
There has to be a way!
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Then take the reins, cowboy.
Just this once!
I suppose I do owe you one.
That said...
...if the orphanage
crumbles because of you,
I'll skin you alive and
play with your bones
until you're begging to die.
You got that straight?
Wolfwood, you--
That's not me!
I'm the Punisher, fool.
You and I are not the same.
[VASH]
Hm.
[WOLFWOOD]
Name's Nicholas the Punisher.
[MERYL gasps]
[MALE AI A]
Warning. Settlement ahead.
Emergency evasion advised.
[MERYL gasps]
Uh-oh. What do I do?
[MALE AI A]
Warning. Settlement ahead.
[VASH]
Go to the engine room!
[WOLFWOOD]
What about you?
[VASH]
Just go! Hurry!
[grunts]
I'm sorry. Please.
[VASH]
I need your help.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[MALE AI A] Warning.
Rapidly approaching settlement.
Take evasive action.
[gasps]
--[MALE SAILOR E] Who are you?
--[WOLFWOOD] Get lost!
[MALE AI A] Warning.
Evasive action needed now.
[grunting]
[WOLFWOOD]
You're pissing me off! Stop!
[SAILORS gasp]
[MALE SAILOR F]
He did it. We're stopped.
[WOLFWOOD sighs]
[SAILORS cheer]
[LEGATO]
Huh.
A sandstorm?
[LEGATO]
Is this your doing?
[ZAZIE] Of course not.
Hey, can I go home now?
[LEGATO]
No. Go recover Double Fang.
[ZAZIE]
Seriously?
[LEGATO]
He is still of use.
Where'd you go?
[WOLFWOOD] Can't find
Needle-Noggin either?
We were just about to check
in there. The Plant room.
[MERYL gasps]
You in here?
[gasps]
[MERYL]
Vash?
That pattern. It's like a plant.
[thudding]